vim:set tw=78:expandtab:noai:ts=4:sw=4:filetype=txt:nosmartindent:

As it turned out, marriage hadn't worked terribly well for Porcinia. It had
all been a publicity stunt anyway -- there was no way Porcinia de
Beaumarchais, famous actress and renowned squealer, could possibly have been
interested in someone like Dexter, what with all the other handsome and
available boars surrounding her at the time. Or that's what she told herself,
anyway. Occasionally, late at night when the coughing fits would sometimes
keep her awake, she'd remember how Dexter had looked at her the first time
they'd met, how he'd brought her flowers and chocolates, and how he'd clearly
been astounded he could possibly merit any attention from the Famous Porcinia.
Even if her fame was already starting to wear off. She couldn't help but admit
to herself that there had been something more than expedience that had
attracted her to him.

Other nights, even as she tried to forget, through the fog of years would come
other memories, before that talent scout had found her and changed her
forever. Back when she was just Peggy, from Maple Street, just another one of
the local gilts. Back when life held no more excitement than a high school
dance and no more disappointment than a broken nail. Then she knew what Dexter
had meant to her. He was a memory of her youth come to life complete with
pointed ears and a curly pink tail, a reminder that life wasn't all lights,
glamour, and shallow, fair weather friendships. It was too bad it hadn't
worked.

Born Margaret "Peggy" Markowitz, and raised in a small farming town, Porcinia
learned early in life to raise corn, root for potatoes, and 
